[ APPLAUSE ]
[ MUSIC ]
>> THANK YOU.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WHILE I WAS DRIVING OVER HERE
I PASSED A RESTAURANT.
HAD A SIGN THAT
SAID "FRESH FISH"
AND WE DON'T THINK ABOUT THAT.
WE USED TO GO RIGHT IN.
FRESH FISH.
WOULD YOU GO IN A RESTAURANT
THAT SAID, "FRESH MEAT."
[ LAUGHTER ]
THAT'S ONE OF THOSE THINGS
THAT'S NOT INTENDED
TO BE FUNNY.
[ LAUGHTER ]
I ALWAYS LIKE TO START
WITH THEM.
JOHNNY KNOWS THAT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
TONIGHT.
WELL, SURE.
YOU BUY A FISH SANDWICH.
YOU WOULD NOT BUY SOMETHING
LABELED A MEAT SANDWICH.
LET'S FACE IT.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS-TWICE NOW.
[ LAUGHTER ]
OKAY.
I'D JUST LIKE TO FOLLOW UP.
[ LAUGHTER ]
I HAVE A SHORT LIST
OF PEOPLE I CAN DO WITHOUT.
I THINK EVERYONE HAS A LIST,
AND HAD PEOPLE
THEY CAN DO WITHOUT.
THIS IS MY LIST.
GUYS IN THEIR FIFTIES
NAMED SKIP.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
A PROCTOLOGIST WITH POOR
DEPTH PERCEPTION.
[ LAUGHTER ]
A PIMP WHO DRIVES
A TOYOTA COROLLA.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ANY WOMAN WHOSE HOBBY
IS BREAST FEEDING
ZOO ANIMALS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
A MAN WITH ONLY ONE LIP.
ANYONE WHO ACTUALLY KNOWS
THE THIRD VERSE TO
THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ANY LAWYER WHO REFERS
TO POLICE AS THE FEDERALES.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
A CROSS EYED NUN WITH A BULLWHIP
AND A BOTTLE OF GIN.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
A BRAIN SURGEON
WITH BORN TO LOSE
TATTOOED ON HIS HANDS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
COUPLES WHOSE CHILDREN'S
NAMES ALL START WITH
THE SAME INITIAL.
[ APPLAUSE ]
A MAN IN A HOSPITAL
GOWN DIRECTING TRAFFIC.
[ LAUGHTER ]
PEOPLE WHO HAVE LARGE GUMS,
AND SMALL TEETH.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
AND ANY WOMAN WHOSE ARM HAIR
COMPLETELY COVERS
HER WRIST WATCH.
[ LAUGHTER ]
ALL RIGHT.
NOW.
BASEBALL IS UNLIKE
ANY OTHER SPORT.
ABSOLUTELY UNLIKE ANY
OTHER SPORT.
MOST SPORTS YOU SCORE POINTS.
BASEBALL YOU SCORE RUNS.
IN MOST SPORTS THE BALL
IS PUT IN PLAY
BY THE OFFENSIVE TEAM.
IN BASEBALL THE BALL IS PUT INTO
PLAY BY THE DEFENSIVE TEAM,
AND IN FACT ONLY THE DEFENSIVE
TEAM IS ALLOWED TO TOUCH
THE BALL.
IN BASEBALL IF THE OFFENSIVE
PLAYER TOUCHES THE BALL
INTENTIONALLY HE'S OUT.
MOST SPORTS RUN BY A COACH.
BASEBALL RUN BY A MANAGER,
AND MOST OTHER SPORTS
THE MANAGER OR COACH WEARS
HIS OWN CLOTHES.
IN BASEBALL THEY WEAR THE SAME
CLOTHES AS THE PLAYERS.
CAN YOU PICTURE TOM LANDRY
WEARING A DALLAS COWBOYS
FOOTBALL UNIFORM?
[ LAUGHTER ]
NOW, BASEBALL AND FOOTBALL
ARE-BASEBALL AND FOOTBALL
ARE MUCH DIFFERENT
IN MANY OTHER RESPECTS.
LET ME DESCRIBE THEM.
FIRST OF ALL,
BASEBALL IS A 19th CENTURY
PASTORAL GAME.
FOOTBALL IS A 20th CENTURY
TECHNOLOGICAL STRUGGLE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
BASEBALL IS PLAYED IN A PARK.
THE BASEBALL PARK.
FOOTBALL IS PLAYED IN A STADIUM
SOMETIMES CALLED SOLDIER FIELD,
OR WAR MEMORIAL STADIUM.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
IN FOOTBALL YOU WEAR A HELMET.
IN BASEBALL YOU WEAR A CAP.
[ LAUGHTER ]
FOOTBALL IS CONCERNED
WITH DOWNS.
WHAT DOWN IS IT?
BASEBALL IS CONCERNED WITH UPS.
WHO'S UP?
ARE YOU UP?
I'M NOT UP.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
IN FOOTBALL THEY HAVE A
KICKING SPECIALIST.
IN BASEBALL THEY HAVE
A PINCH HITTER.
[ LAUGHTER ]
IN FOOTBALL-IN FOOTBALL
YOU RECEIVE A PENALTY.
IN BASEBALL YOU MAKE AN ERROR.
WHOOPS.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
FOOTBALL HAS HITTING,
CLIPPING, SPEARING, PILING ON,
PERSONAL FOULS, LATE HITTING,
AND UNNECESSARY ROUGHNESS.
BASEBALL HAS THE SACRIFICE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
FOOTBALL IS PLAYED
IN ANY WEATHER.
RAIN, SLEET, SNOW, HAIL,
MUD ON THE FIELD.
CAN'T READ THE UNIFORM NUMBERS.
CAN'T READ THE YARD MARKERS.
THE STRUGGLE WILL CONTINUE.
IN BASEBALL IF IT RAINS
WE DON'T GO OUT TO PLAY.
[ LAUGHTER ]
I CAN'T COME OUT TO PLAY.
[ APPLAUSE ]
BASEBALL HAS THE 7th INNING
STRETCH.
FOOTBALL HAS THE TWO MINUTE
WARNING.
[ LAUGHTER ]
BASEBALL HAS NO TIME LIMIT.
WE DON'T KNOW
WHEN IT'S GOING TO END.
WE MIGHT HAVE EXTRA INNINGS.
FOOTBALL IS RIGIDLY TIMED,
AND IT WILL END EVEN IF WE HAVE
TO GO TO SUDDEN DEATH.
[ LAUGHTER ]
IN BASEBALL DURING THE GAME
IN THE STANDS THERE'S KIND
OF A PICNIC FEELING.
EMOTIONS MAY RUN HIGH OR LOW,
BUT THERE'S NOT THAT MUCH
UNPLEASANTNESS.
IN FOOTBALL IN THE STANDS
DURING THE GAME
YOU CAN BE SURE THAT AT LEAST
27 TIMES YOU ARE PERFECTLY
CAPABLE OF TAKING THE LIFE
OF A FELLOW HUMAN BEING.
[ LAUGHTER ]
PREFERABLY A STRANGER.
AND FINALLY THE OBJECTIVES
OF THE TWO GAMES
ARE TOTALLY DIFFERENT.
IN BASEBALL THE OBJECT
IS TO GO HOME,
AND TO BE SAFE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
I'M GOING HOME.
I HOPE I'LL BE SAFE AT HOME.
[ LAUGHTER ]
IN FOOTBALL THE OBJECT
IS FOR THE QUARTERBACK
OTHERWISE KNOWN
AS THE FIELD GENERAL TO BE
ON TARGET WITH HIS AERIAL
ASSAULT BY RIDDLING
THE DEFENSE WHILE
HE'S HITTING HIS RECEIVERS
WITH DEADLY ACCURACY
IN SPITE OF THE BLITZ EVEN
IF HE HAS TO GO TO THE SHOTGUN.
WITH SHORT BULLET PASSES,
AND LONG BOMBS HE MARCHES
HIS TROOPS INTO ENEMY TERRITORY
BALANCING HIS AERIAL ASSAULT
WITH SUSTAINED GROUND ATTACK
THAT PUNCHES HOLES
IN THE FORWARD WALL
OF THE ENEMY'S DEFENSIVE LINE.
BOOM.
[ APPLAUSE ]
[ MUSIC ]